doc/coevo_struct_viz_README.md, before:

# coevo_struct_viz

These are scripts to help visualize alignment column
scores and labels onto structures (PDB files).


## Usage

### `map_column_to_resnum.py`

Use this to map alignment columns to resnums in a corresponding chain
in a structural model. You can use the alignment or a sequence in the alignment as a reference.

```bash
$ ./map_column_to_resnum.py chain_id model.pdb aln.fa > col_resn_aa.tsv

```

Default profile aligner (for mapping to alignment) is `muscle`. Default pairwise global aligner
is `needle` from Emboss.

# map co-evolution scores to residues
python make_attributes.py --LeftMap=ProtX_resnum_col.map Results.tab > ProtX_attributes.txt

### `map_column_to_resnum.py` ###
#### *Mapping not optimal* ####
*Mapping through reference sequence position removes insertions
relative to reference from analysis, may not be desired* 

Takes phylip alignment as input and generates
3 mappings

1. Column to reference sequence
2. Reference sequence position to PDB chain sequence position
3. PDB chain sequence position to PDB chain resnum

And prints a map of Column to PDB chain resnum

### `make_attributes.py` ###

Loads map of Column to PDB chain resnum and tabular co-evolution results file.
Writes chimera readable attributes file, one attribute per column (skips Alignment_Column columns).

Commit message:

Cleans up structure to sequence readme

doc/coevo_struct_viz_README.md, after:

# Sequence to structure

These are scripts to help visualize alignment column
scores and labels onto structures (PDB files).

## `map_column_to_resnum.py`

Use this to generate a map of alignment columns to residue numbers (resnums) in
a corresponding chain in a structural model. You can use your alignment or a
sequence in your alignment as a reference.

```bash

map_column_to_resnum.py chain_id model.pdb aln.fa > col_resn_aa.map

```

The default profile aligner (for mapping your structure to your alignment) is
`muscle`.  The default pairwise global aligner is `needle` from Emboss.

If you are brave, you can edit the source in `map_column_to_resnum.py` to
specify a command that outputs an aligned fasta.

## `make_attributes.py`

Loads map of alignment columns to residue numbers (resnums) and coevolution scores in a tabular
format.
Writes chimera readable attributes file, one attribute per score column.

```

python make_attributes.py --LeftMap=ProtX_col_resnum_aa.map Scores.tsv > ProtX_attributes.txt

```
